Fixes #8619 - Add AMSI docs (#8624)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs: reference/docs-conceptual/learn/experimental-features.md

run. The runspace is stored in a variable and passed to the `Get-PSBreakPoint` command with the
**Runspace** parameter. You can then inspect the breakpoint in the `$breakpoint` variable.

## PSAMSIMethodInvocationLogging

> The Windows Antimalware Scan Interface (AMSI) is an API that allows application actions to be passed
> to an antimalware scanner, such as Windows Defender, to be scanned for malicious payloads. Beginning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Windows Antimalware Scan Interface (AMSI) is an API that allows applications to pass actions 
to an antimalware scanner, such as Windows Defender, for detecting malicious payloads. Beginning
```

Just a quick pass at removing some passive voice and clarifying value for this feature.

with PowerShell 5.1, PowerShell running on Windows 10 (and higher) passes all script blocks to AMSI.

This experimental feature extends the data that is sent to AMSI for inspection. With this feature

> enabled, PowerShell now includes any invocation of a .NET method member.

Reviewer: Does it include _any_ invocation (i.e. opt-in) or _all_ invocations by default?

Author: See updated changes
